Machine Learning requires quite a bit of knowlege in several computer areas.  
The book did not touch on the subject of FFT, DWT, SVD, Convolution and other very important math concepts.
Linear algebra and matrices such import area the book provided a good overview of a vector 1D, image 2D, 
cube 3D and the fourth dimenison.  This is the tensor way of working with data. 

Need an introduction on neural networks.

These areas include cameras, microphones, 3D Gyroscope, 3D Accelerometer, other sensors (temperature, 
barometric pressure, light and humidity) Ultrasonic  and micro processors. One area that is often ignored 
are the interfaces of the sensors analog requiring (analog to digtal conversion), I2C, SPI, Serial, 
and bit banged. 
Software also plays a major role in making one successful in the area of study.  Another area that must
be considered are the tools pico-sdk, Arduino IDE and vendor eco system.  Software libraies like TensorFlow and 
TensorFlow Lite provide a wide range of capabilties. These libraries are very large and many lines of code.
 consist The book provides
a very good introductary overview of the current status of Machine Learning. The book also
tries to explain the need for ML in several areas privacy, and latency in the networking
as the size and number of images continues to out pace the growth in networking.  
In a 2nd edition, prehaps a description of how the ML models are generation would 
be helpful. Like the one in "https://github.com/develone/my-projects-docs/blob/master/tflite/video-series1.pdf".
Also a description of how the python is executed in an Nano-RP2040-Connect as a file 
model.cc which is just a bunch of hex numbers.

This field requires a good understanding of different programming languages Python, C/C++ and Java.
Data types int, float, strings, an arrays and the machine 32 bit vs 64 bit that processing the data.
One of the virtures is the showing how many areas manufacturing, farming, industrial, and medical would benefit
from machine learning. 